# figures

- [Figure 1](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig_1.jpg): Summary of sequencing depth and alignments for all libraries. Bars show average number of reads for each method and species and error bars show standard deviation. 
- [Figure 2](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig_2.jpg):Comparison of CpG site coverage at different sequencing depths across library preparation methods. (A) Mean fraction of CpG sites in the genome covered at sequencing coverage (X) by M. capitata samples from each library preparation method with standard deviations shown by shaded areas (see Table 1 for number of reads in each sample). (B) Fraction of CpG sites in the genome covered at each sequencing coverage (X) across different numbers of read pairs (M reads) for M. capitata samples from each library preparation. (C) Mean fraction of CpG sites in the genome covered at sequencing coverage (X) by P. acuta samples from each library preparation method with standard deviations shown by shaded areas (see Table 1 for number of reads in each sample). (D) Fraction of CpG sites in the genome covered at each sequencing depth (X) across different numbers of read pairs (M reads) for P. acuta samples from each library preparation. For (B,D), results obtained from downsampling analyses are shown for sequencing depths ranging from 1–50X for library sizes of 50–200 M read pairs. All samples were pooled for the downsampling analyses. 
- [Figure 3](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig_3.jpg): The number of unique CpGs (vertical bars) for each intersection set (connected dots) for A) M. capitata and B) P. acuta. Color key shows intersection sets in venn diagram format with CpGs covered by all three methods (black), by any two methods (blue), by only one method (red), or CpGs not covered by any method (yellow). The CpG set size for the genome and for each method is shown in the horizontal bars (gray). 
- [Figure 4](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig3_Union-CpG-Type-Multipanel.pdf): Percent of highly methylated (≥ 50%; darkest shade), moderately methylated (10-50%; medium shade), and lowly methylated CpGs (< 10%; lightest shade) detected by each method A) for M. capitata and B) P. acuta.
- [Figure 5](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig4_Union-CpG-Features-Multipanel.pdf): Percent of CpGs detected by sequencing methods in coding sequences (CDS), introns, 1 kb flanking regions upstream (Upstream Flank) or downstream of genes (Downstream Flank), and intergenic regions A) for M. capitata and B) P. acuta.
- [Figure 6](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig_6.jpg): Matrix of pairwise scatter plots for CpG loci covered at > 5x across all samples for A) M. capitata (n=4,666 common loci) and B) P. acuta (n=93,714 common loci). The red lines represent linear regression fits and the green lines are polynomial regression fits. Pearson correlation coefficients for each pairwise comparison are presented in the upper right boxes. Methods are color coded on the X and Y axes (WGBS = green, MBDBS = purple, and RRBS = orange) and replicate samples are indicated on the diagonal along with histograms of % CpG methylation. 
- [Figure 7](https://github.com/hputnam/Meth_Compare/blob/master/output/figures/Fig_7_Orthologs.pdf): Mean proportion (n=3 samples per method) of CpGs per gene that have at least 5x coverage in all of the one-to-one orthologous genes, as identified by OrthoFinder (OSF link) for A) Montipora capitata and B) Pocillopora acuta. The heatmaps are ordered by orthogroup for the groups with one to one gene matches (Supplemental Table 10).

